== README

Copyright 2015 Texas A & M University

This is a port to Rails of the PHP Example Repository for use with the AWL Editor

Original License and PHP comments follow:


Copyright 2014 PRImA Research Lab, University of Salford, United Kingdom

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

 http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


This file is a sample index page, for the EMOP project.
The purpose of this mock website is to provide access to the WebLayoutEditor.

Important information
* Each document has an ID. This is referred to as Did.
* For each document, there can be any number of PAGE files. Each PAGE file
  has it's own ID, referred to as Aid.
* This index page, for every document contains links to specific attachments
  (different versions of PAGE files perhaps).
* This is implemented in such a way, so that it is possible to keep track of
  changes/updates to the PAGE file, by storing each different version as a
  new attachment (that has a different Aid, but is linked to the same Did.
* The link to the gateway web page, includes the Aid, so that it can display
  the correct version of the PAGE file. If the Did for the particular
  document is required, you should ensure that your supporting database can
  provide that.

Under production circumstances, a lot of the data required for this page
would be retrieved from a database. In order to simplify this example, all
required data is stored in config.inc.php in various arrays.
